Attest package provenance (#12333)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12333.trivial.rst

> pytest releases are now attested using the recent `Artifact Attestation <https://github.blog/2024-05-02-introducing-artifact-attestations-now-in-public-beta/>` support from GitHub, allowing users to attest the package provenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pytest releases are now attested using the recent `Artifact Attestation <https://github.blog/2024-05-02-introducing-artifact-attestations-now-in-public-beta/>` support from GitHub, allowing users to verify the provenance of pytest's sdist and wheel artifacts.
```
